ck

high

# setAdmin does follow a top step process in setting a new admin

## Summary

The `setAdmin` function is a delicate process. It could lead to loss of authorization to critical functions incase of typos or bad copy/paste. A two step process should be used as a guard against setting the wrong admin.

## Vulnerability Detail

Critical change of important authorisation addresses should follow a two step process to prevent loss of access to certain functionality.

```solidity
    /// @notice sets the admin address
    /// @param a Address of a new admin
    /// @return bool true if successful
    function setAdmin(address a) external authorized(admin) returns (bool) {
        admin = a;
        emit SetAdmin(a);
        return true;
    }
```

The `setAdmin()` function used in `Redeemer, Lender and MarketPlace` does not folow a two step process. If the wrong address is specificed by mistake, loss of the admin role would lead to permanent loss of access as there's no way to correct the error. The new admin should be added without first overwriting the previous one. Once this is done, the new admin can then remove the old one.

## Impact

The admin is responsible for setting multiple critical operation such as the creation of markets, scheduling withdrawals and so son. Loss of the admin role would therefore lead to breaking of how the protocol works including loss of funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-illuminate/blob/main/src/Lender.sol#L265-L272
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-illuminate/blob/main/src/MarketPlace.sol#L273-L280
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-illuminate/blob/main/src/Redeemer.sol#L129-L136

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The new admin should be added without first overwriting the previous one. Once this is done, the new admin can then remove the old one. A check for the 0 address should also be added.